HOW TO:ADD INGREDIENTS (cont.) vor

ADDITIONAL INGREDIENTS

Additional ingredients (fruits, nuts, raisins, etc) can be added only in programs that
provide them. Dried fruits and nuts must be cut into small pieces, cheese must be grated,
chocolate must be chopped into small pieces and not in lumps. Do not add more than
those indicated in the recipes, otherwise the bread may not grow properly. Pay attention
to the fresh fruit and nuts because they contain liquid (juice and oil), so adjust the
amount of main liquid ingredient to compensate.

USING OUTSIDE RECIPES

If you are new to bread making, please only use the recipes provided by us to gain
enough bread making experience before trying out outside recipes or developing your
own. If you use an entirely different recipe that is not especially designed for our bread
maker, you cannot use the pre-programmed automatic settings. It's recommended that
you strictly follow a provided recipe first and then make adjustments based on a proven
tecipe to get your house special bread. Please note that the total weight of ingredients
from that outside recipe should NOT exceed 2b and the main flour type ingredients
should NOT exceed 4 cups.

IMPORTANT TIPS

If during the cycle, the program is interrupted by a power cut or mishandling, the
machine has a 15-minute protection time during which the settings are saved. The
cycle starts again where it stopped. Beyond that time, the settings are lost.

Ifthe kneading blade comes out with the bread, remove it with the hook accessory
before slicing the bread. Since the kneading blade can be disconnected from the
pan, it is not a malfunction if it comes out in your bread.

«Please add the ingredients in the order specified by the recipes. This allows the
bread maker to mix the ingredients in the most efficient manner possible. It also
serves to keep the yeast from combining with the liquid before the dough has
started to mix, which is essential when using the delay timer. It’s recommended that
you strictly follow a provided recipe first and then make adjustments based ona
proven recipe to prepare a special recipe.

© The kneading blade may “stick” in place after baking. Running warm or hot water
over the kneading blade should loosen it enough to be removed. If still stuck, soak
in hot water for about 10-15 minutes.

 — It’simportant for ingredients to be at room temperature before adding them to the
bread pan, even when the delay timer is being used. Milk, butter, eggs must not be
used directly from a fridge. They should be put outside to obtain the room 7
temperature before being ‘added to the pan. Water must be between 77 F and 85°F.

© = Ifyou plan toruna second program to bake another loaf, open the cover and wait
30 minutes before beginning the second operation,

Accurate measuring of ingredients is vital, Please do not use a kitchen tablespoon or
teaspoon as they are inaccurate. Incorrect measurements could result in a poor end

product.

