HOW TO ADD INGREDIENTS (cont ey
TIP: To check whether your yeast is fresh and active:

1-120" uring cup,
of warm water (110-120°F) into a measu

3) Place the measuring cup ina warm place for about 10min. Do not stir the water

4) _ Fresh, active yeast will begin to bubble or “grow.” If it does not, the yeast is dead or
inactive

MENTS,
Lead ingredients normally consist of water or milk or a mixture of the two, Water makes
the crust crispier. Milk makes it softer and also the texture is softer.
There are conflicting opinions on what should be the temperature of the water. You can
decide for yourself as you get more familiar with the appliance. Water is an essential
ingredient for bread.
Generally a water temperature between 68°F and 77°F is the most appropriate. But if you
want to accelerate the bread making process the water temperature must be between
115° and 122°F. ttis essential that water is of good quality, and preferably bottled and
distilled, as the limestone in the water can compromise the successful outcome of the
bread. Instead of water you can also use fresh milk or water with 2% milk powder, which
enhances the taste and improves the color of the crust. Some recipes even mention fruit
juice.

LOW FAT CONTENT

Do not use oils, margarines, etc. with a low percentage of fat. These products contain
little fat and you may not get the desired results.

SUGAR

Sugar activates and feeds yeast allowing it to grow. It adds flavor and texture and helps
to brown the crust. Honey, syrup and molasses can be used instead of sugar, provided
that you adapt the liquid ingredient to compensate. Artificial sweeteners should not be
used, as they do not feed the yeast, and some destroy it.

SALT

®ait helps control the growth of yeast. Unsalted bread may grow too much and then
collapse.

EGGs

99s will make your bread richer in texture, add color and helps to shape the loaf. E99s
are considered a liquid ingredient, so if eggs are used in the recipe, it is necessary to \
adjust the other liquid ingredients otherwise the dough may be too wet to rise properly

HERBS AND SPICES

hese can be added at the beginning together with the main ingredients. h
erbs and spices, such as cinnamon, ginger, oregano, parsley and basil improve bot 7
{25'€ and appearance, Use in small amounts (1-2 teaspoons) to avoid overpowering Me
{aste of bread. Fresh herbs, such as garlic and chives, contain enough liquid to unbalanc

the recipe dosages, so it is important to always balance the liquid content.

recon tis product
" ‘Questions! We're here to help! Visit: shopelicegourmet com for SUPP p
