HOW-TO ADD INGREDIENTS (cont,) == eaeem S

© Keep additional ingredients (fruits, nuts, raisins, etc) on one sive and add them
during the second kneading when the appliance beeps 10 times.

© First introduce the liquid ingredients. Usually it is water but can include milk and/or
eggs. Water must be warm (10°F), but not hot. The too hot or too cold water
prevents the leavening.

© — Donot use milk with the timer. It could curdle before beginning the bread
preparation process.

© Add sugar and salt as indicated in the recipe.

* Add the “liquid” ingredients (honey, syrup, molasses, etc).

* Add the “dry” ingredients (flour, milk powder, herbs and spices).

© Ifyou use the delay timer, it will not be possible to add fruit or nuts during the
second kneading, so add them now.

* Finally, add instant yeast (or baking powder/sodium bicarbonate). Place it over the
other ingredients - do not put it in the water, otherwise it will begin to act too soon.

© — Ifyou use the delay timer, it is essential to keep the yeast (baking powder/baking
soda) separate from the water/liquid, otherwise the yeast will come into action, it
will rise and collapse before the bread making process begins. The result will be a
hard, dense, rough and edible product as a brick of a home. We advise to make a
hole in the center of the dome of the flour and put the yeast.

FLOUR

The type of flour you use is very important. The most important element contained in the
flour is the protein called gluten, which is the natural agent that gives the dough the
ability to mould and to retain the carbon dioxide produced by the yeast. Buy flour which
reads on the package "FOR BREAD.”

OTHER FLOURS FOR BREAD

They include wholegrain flour and other cereals.

They provide an excellent dietary fiber intake but contain lower levels of gluten than
white flour. This means that the wholegrain loaves tend to be smaller and denser than
the white loaves. In general terms, if in the recipe you replace white flour with half
wholegrain flour, your result will be a loaf of bread that tastes wholegrain but has the
texture of white bread.

YEAST

Yeast isa living organism and should be kept in the refrigerator to remain fresh. It needs
carbohydrates found in sugar and flour as nourishment. Yeast used in bread maker
recipes will be sold under several different names: Bread machine yeast (preferred)
active-dry yeast and instant yeast. During rising process, the yeast will produce carbon
dioxide, The carbon dioxide will expand bread and make the inner fiber soften.

Before using, check the expiration date and storage time of yeast. Return to refrigerator
immediately after each use, the fungus will be killed at high temperature usually the
failure of bread rising is caused by the bad yeast.
