CLEANING AND MAINTENANCE

CAUTION: Do not place the bread machine into a dishwasher. Do not use benzene,
scrubbing brushes or chemical cleaners as these will damage the machine
Use only a mild, non-abrasive cleanser to clean the bread maker.

1. General Cleaning

a) Remove all bread crumbs by wiping them away with a slightly damp cloth.

b) DONOT bend the heating element which is located on the inside of the bread
maker.

2. Clean the Bread Pan and Kneading Blade

a) Wipe the interior and exterior of the bread pan (F) and kneading blade with a
damp cloth and dry completely.

b) DO NOT wash the pan or parts in the dishwasher. This will damage the finish of
the pan and the other parts.

3. Caring for your Bread Machine

a) Keep your bread machine clean at all times.

CAUTION: Do not use metal utensils with the bread maker. This will damage the
non-stick pan and other parts.

b) _ Itis normal for the color of the bread pan changes over time. The color change
isa result of steam and other moisture and does not affect the machine's
performance.

<) If the kneading blade (I) does not come off from the motor shaft easily, fill the
pan with warm water and let sit for 30 minutes. The blade must then be
cleaned gently with a damp cloth.

d) Wash the measuring cup (G), the measuring spoon (H) in hot soapy water.

e) Clean all other surfaces, internal and external, with a damp cloth. Use a small
amount of liquid detergent if necessary, but be sure to rinse completely,
otherwise detergent residues could compromise the successful outcome of
your next bread.

4. Storing your Bread Machine

2) Make sure the machine is clean and dry before storing.

b) Store the bread machine with the lid closed.

©) Donot place heavy objects on the lid.

d) Remove the kneading blade and place inside the bread pan.

* CAUTION: Do not immerse the appliance, the plug or the power cord in water or other
liquids. Clean them with a damp cloth.

Even when the appliance is not in use, unplug it from the electrical outlet before
inserting or removing individual parts or before cleaning it.

* Allow unit to cool before proceeding with cleaning.

© Never use metal utensils to remove anything from the pan (L) to avoid scratching
the non-stick coating.

19 ‘Questions? We're here to help! Visit: shopelitegourmet.com for support on this product.
