sh and dry bread pan pd kneading blade. Do not use scouring pads or any
i tick surface.
serene eaperate the bread maker on the COOK (#19) mode and bake empty
x for about 10 minutes to burn off the manufacturing oils. Let the unit cool down and
detached parts again. ; :
ca cod mater may emia ite smoke and/or odor during first time use, Thisis
normal fora newly manufactured appliance. Make sure the appliance has sufficient
ventilation. .
4. ryall parts thoroughly. The bread maker is ready for use,

HOW TO USE YOUR BREAD MAKER

1, Wash and dry well all components. ~

2. Using the bread pan handle, turn
\

kneading |
paddie |

and then pull it out of the appliance
(Fig 1).

3. Mount the kneading blade (|) on
the pin inside the pan (F) (Fig 2),
place kneading blade on pin, with
the arrow of the blade pointing up,
pushing down as far as it will go,
‘making sure flat surfaces are lined up.

4, Measure the ingredients with the measuring cup (G)
or spoon (H) supplied and add them into the pan (F).
IMPORTANT: Make sure to read instructions for How to
‘Add Ingredients on pages 9- 12 and make sure to
exactly follow the chosen Recipe from pages 14-18.

5. Place the bread pan into the bread maker and make
sure itis firmly locked in place by turning it clockwise.
(Fig 3).
‘NOTE: Bread pan must lock into place for proper mixing
and kneading,
CAUTION: It is essential to follow the ‘sequence of adding
ingredients as described in the recipes. Provided in this
‘manual. Usually this sequence is; liquid ingredients,
water, flour, eggs and others as in the recipe. Pour yeast
last into the other ingredients, Avoid yeast coming in
Contact with salt or liquid ingredients,

6. Close the cover (0) and insert the plug into the
electrical outlet. The display (E) will show "3:00", with

two fixed dots. The machine is automatically set to

Program "1",

Press the MENU button to select the desired cooking

Program,

8. Press the WEIGHT button to select the desired weight
(ib, 1.5Ib, 2Ib). The weight cannot be set in programs

19,

— ive snan |

the bread pan counter-clockwise

7 ‘Questions? We're hereto help Visi: shopeltegourmet.com for support on this product
