HOW TO USEYOUR BREAD MAKER (cont.

9.

10.

16.

17.

Questions? We're here to help! Vise: shopelitegourmet.com for support on

Press the COLOR SETTING button to select the desired browning (iight, medium,

dark). The browning cannot be set in programs 8-19.

If necessary, set the delay timer using the up/down buttons. The bread cycle will

start after the delay timer counts down. If you do not set a time, the cycle will start

immediately.

CAUTION: Be careful when using the Delay Timer function with perishable ‘ingredients

(such as eggs, dairy products, etc).

Press the START button. The machine beeps and begins processing the ingredients

(fe delay timer has been set, processing will start after the delay timer counts
jown).

NOTE: During cooking itis possible that steam comes out from the fan under the cover:

this is perfectly normal.

If you would like to add ingredients (fruits, nuts, seeds, etc.) the machine will

beep10 times to signal when it is time to open the cover (D) and add these to the

dough. This time varies according to the program.

To Stop/Cancel the selected program, press and hold the START button for 3

seconds.

When the time shown on the display is "0:00", the cooking process is finished. The

appliance will beep 10 times and automatically switch to the "Keep Warm" mode for

1 hour. The ":" symbol will flash during this mode (Except after the "Knead"

program).

After keeping warm for 1 hour, the "Keep Warm” mode will end. To cancel the "Keep

Warm" mode before 60 minutes, press and hold the START button for 3 seconds.
Unplug the appliance from the electrical outlet and open the cover (D).

Bread pan and baking chamber will be hot and oven

mitts should be used. Remove the bread pan by lifting
the handle and turning it counter-clockwise to unlock
and pull bread pan straight up from the base of the
chamber. (Fig 4).

Using oven mitts, turn the bread pan upside down (with
the bread pan handle folded down) onto a wire cooling
rack or clean cooking surface and gently shake until
bread falls out. Use a non-stick spatula to gently

loosen the sides of the bread from the bread pan (Fig 5).
CAUTION: The pan becomes very hot. Be very careful when
handling the pan, and always use protective gloves.
NOTE: Never use metal utensils to remove the bread from
the pan (F), in order to avoid damaging the non-stick
coating. |

TIP: if kneading blade comes out in the loaf, remove it with
a spatula or small utensil.

~ Figure 5

this product. a
