IMPORTANT TIPS (cont.) ea

© Thesmall measuring spoon (teaspoon, tsp) is provi." > measuring small
amounts of dry or liquid ingredients: yeast, sal, poweie od milk, honey, molasses,
ete,

«Thebig measuring spoon (tablespoon, TBS?) is provided for measuring dy or quid
ingredients: oil, sugar, etc.

«After filing the measuring cup, place it on a flat surface and view it at eye level to
make sure the amount of liquid is exact. Then, double check, With dry ingredients
use a spoon to place ingredients into the measuring cup then “level off" the
measurement with the back of a knife or spatula to make sure the measurement is
exact. A helpful tip is to never use the cup to scoop the ingredients (for example,
flour). By scooping, you could add up to one TBSP of extra ingredients. Fill the
measuring cup with a spoon before leveling off.

© Foreach bread recipe, there is a desired bread weight. The upper weight limit is the
total weight limit of all the ingredients in the recipe and its variations. Itis also
printed on the control panel: 1Ib, 1.51b, 2Ib.

CONSISTENCY OF THE DOUGH

Check the product during the first 5 minutes of kneading, through the dedicated viewing
window. A smooth loaf should be formed. If not, it may be necessary to review the
ingredients. If it is necessary to open the cover (D), do it during the kneading or the
resting time. In all other moments you may compromise the successful outcome of the
bread.

If the dough seems sticky or sticks to the sides of the pan, sprinkle over a teaspoon of
flour at a time.

Ifit is too dry, pour a teaspoon of hot water at a time. It is possible to gently remove the
ingredients remained stuck to the sides of the machine using a wooden or plastic spatula.

WARNING: Do not leave the cover (D) open longer than necessary. Wait until the flour/water
is completely absorbed in the dough before adding more.

Close the cover (D) before the end of the last kneading, otherwise the bread will not rise
properly.

STORING BAKED BREAD 7
The bread you find on the market usually contains additives (chlorine, limestone, miner.
tar dye, sorbitol, soybean, etc). Your bread does not contain any of them, so it will ot las
long as the bread sold on the market and will look different. Also, it will not have the
flavor of the bread on the market due to the missing additives/preservatives. Cis.
preferable to serve immediately, but it can be stored for two days at room temPar
ina plastic bag from which you have removed excess air. To freeze homemade DYC2°

it cool, place in a plastic bag, remove excess air, then seal and freeze.
